Minor doc changes to README (#305)
pyFFTW/pyFFTW: README.md

    pip install pyfftw

> Pre-built binary wheels for 64-bit Python on  Linux, Mac OS X and Windows are 
> available on the [PyPI](https://pypi.org/) page for all supported Python versions.
> Note that we only support binaries for 64-bit python. If you need to use 32-bit
> python for some reason you will have to build youtself.
> 
> Note that prior to Python 3.9, the windows installation defaulted to being 32-bit 
> even on 64-bit Windows, so if you are having problems installing using pip
> (typically with an error message like `ERROR: Failed building wheel for pyfftw`)
> then please check your python version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-built binary wheels for 64-bit Python on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows are 
available on the [PyPI](https://pypi.org/) page for all supported Python versions.
Note that we only support binaries for 64-bit Python. If you need to use 32-bit
python for some reason, you will have to build pyFFTW from source.

Note that prior to Python 3.9, the Windows installation defaulted to being 32-bit 
even on 64-bit Windows, so if you are having problems installing using pip
(typically with an error message like `ERROR: Failed building wheel for pyfftw`)
then please check your Python version.
```
